Half an hour away from the opens in Hong
Kong, Shenzhen, and Shanghai. You're
watching the China Show. I'm Yvon Man
with David.
>> Good morning. Let's get your top stories
today. The US strikes a trade deal with
the EU setting tariffs at 15% for most
of the blocks goods. Uh traders are also
bracing this week for rate decisions in
the US and Japan and earnings from US
companies worth more than $20 trillion
in market cap. Chinese Vice Premier Lee
Holi Fong said to meet with Treasury
Secretary Scott Besson to seek an
extension to the current trade truce
that's seen a thawing of ties between
Washington and Beijing.
>> Plus, we'll be live at a world AI
conference in Shanghai as China's tech
sector seeks to challenge Americans
America's dominance in artificial
intelligence.
>> I want to hear from one of the people on
the forefront of China's AI development,
Alibaba cloud founder Wong Jan. That
special broadcast with Bloomberg Tech
Asia coming up.
[Music]
Good Monday, morning. Welcome to the
show. I'm going to borrow a specific
line from our weekly scene setter to
underscore how important these next five
days will be. If there was ever a
five-day stretch that would define the
second half of the year, it's going to
be this coming fiveday stretch.
Everything from earnings, 21 trillion of
earnings, rate decisions in out of the
Fed. You have data coming through out of
the uh the United States as well,
non-farm payrolls, including possibly
and we'll see what happens. We're going
into a trade deadline, including some
potentially market moving news as far as
trade goes. All that being said,
idiosyncratic stories are moving these
markets. You have, of course, the big uh
reports and news coming through out of
Samsung, as you can see, 210 of 1% to
the upside on the Cosby index. Samsung's
coming up on your screens are up 3%. On
that, managing to bag quite a
substantial business. About 78% of
annual revenues coming through there.
The big order 2.7% to the upside. A50
futures are uh trading sideways going
into the open today. We did break out of
trading ranges last week. That's point
number one. Point number two is
liquidity remains fairly ample. And
there's a big news out of CK Hutch which
we'll get to a bit later on as well.
Right. The big news of course on the
weekend the 15% that's Japan 15% that's
also with Europe. Uh as you can see
we're looking at market reaction. Euro
dollars on the way up and US stocks have
50 futures up about 1%. That's a move
you don't normally see this time of the
day. US treasuries we talked about the
Fed. We talked about the earnings coming
through this week. Uh that's coming up
on your screens. twos all the way to the
30-year yield up across just about
across the board there. Uh not
completely. Uh we're looking at EMFX,
dollar China, and of course I forgot to
even mention this as well. It's very
busy. Uh today we have the Thai
Cambodian leader sitting down and having
these talks of course given uh what's
going on there. Dollar Taiwan, dollar
Taiwan, dollar Thailand, dollar Taiwan,
and of course dollar Korea on your
screens on the back of these trade talks
coming through.
>> Yeah, the craziness you mentioned,
right? the sort of earnings parade in
the US, you have the Fed meeting, BOJ,
all the like. You add that to an August
1 deadline for tariffs, right? And that
certainly adds to a lot of event risk
moving forward. As you say, it's a make
orb breakak sort of moment
>> uh for markets here that could determine
what's going on in the second half. And
you mentioned August 1st. It's not like
once we hit August 1st, we get a lot
more clarity when it comes to trade and
where these effective US tariff rates
are going to be. You still have ongoing
negotiations of current trade frameworks
that people are saying they're still not
quite sure what this all means at the
end of the day.
>> No. And I think there's the SEM report
to to your point right that they might
be able to just push it down the road as
far as this 90-day uh truce is
concerned. On top of that, you know, how
much can we actually trust the settings
will remain in place. And you know, take
a step back, right? Right now 15% is
good news. Markets are looking at it
that way.
>> We've moved back from the cliff, right?
It's not the worst case scenario, but
it's still higher than what some had
hoped to be.
>> Hard for memories can be. Yeah,
>> there we go. Uh the stocks rally going
into the open today is one to watch. We
talked about the breakout AC as far as
range the range is concerned. Uh the AI
conference that's taking place in
Shanghai. So we have a couple of great
guests coming through there with
Annabelle of course who's on the ground
for us. Uh in terms of earnings coming
through Wooshi app techch that's number
one data June exports out of Hong Kong
that's coming out later today. And of
course CK Hutch as we talked about their
um additional
um plotline as far as that consortium is
concerned. So we'll talk about that in a
moment. And do we have the graphic uh of
the agenda coming through? There we go.
Thank you so much. Among the many things
that uh occupying our uh limited mind
space today going into this Monday
session.
>> We're already tired, but no, we're going
to power through. We took our espresso
shots this morning on just what what
sort of week is uh we're embarking on as
well. But yes, let's get to our top
story. The US and EU have struck a trade
deal imposing a 15% tariff on most EU
exports, including cars. Now it comes as
US and Chinese officials prepare to meet
in Sweden working to extend their trade
truce. Our senior editor Bill Ferris is
with us alongside our China
correspondent Minman Low. Bill, I'll
start with you. So we averted a painful
trade war in between the EU and the US.
But what's changed? What hasn't?
>> Yeah. So the two sides struck a deal. As
you said a few minutes ago, Ivon, it's
not the worst case scenario. Uh just a
few weeks ago, the EU was being
threatened with 30% tariffs on their
exports to the US. So 15% is looking a
lot better. Uh what we don't know, there
are still a few things hanging out there
and a few contradictions between what we
heard from EU President Ursula
Vanderland and uh and Donald Trump there
in Scotland. We're still waiting for
some clarity on things like
pharmaceuticals,
uh, on metals, on aerospace technology,
as well as European alcohol and, uh, and
wine exports. Uh, but the big picture is
15% seems to be something that both
sides were willing to work with. Still,
of course, significantly higher than
what was in place before January. uh and
but if this deal uh settles, if it
holds, uh if it goes forward as as the
final number, uh it is something that uh
that both sides seem to be relatively
satisfied with.
>> And and Bill, when do you have an idea
when we'll get more clarity on some of
the outstanding I I wouldn't call them
sticking points, but some of the the
things that we still don't really have
certainty over at this point in time?
Well, the US has uh what it calls these
section 232 investigations going into
some sectors that includes uh
pharmaceuticals, includes
semiconductors. Uh those are all
expected to wrap within the coming
weeks. Uh and and then the president has
to make some sort of a decision. Uh the
EU president said that her understanding
was that the uh the pharmaceutical uh uh
import uh taxes in the US would be 15%.
Donald Trump said that the 15% deal
covered just about everything except
that uh and metals as well. So steel and
aluminum still at 50%. But as we know,
as we've seen from this process ever
since April 2nd, Liberation Day, uh
things can change very quickly if
relations uh improve or get worse over
different issues. Uh the president may
switch up and and go with something
different. So, uh, but the vast majority
of products, this is a $ 1.7 trillion
trading relationship. The vast majority
of products seem to be facing 15%
tariffs starting Friday.
Minman, it's round three between US and
China was expected.
>> Yeah, I think Scott Besson has set the
baseline expectation pretty low already
because he said he is expecting the
trade truce to be extended. SEMP now
reporting based on sources that it could
be extended by 90 days. But as uh Bill
was saying there is the se uh the
section 232 sort of investigations going
into pharmaceutical semiconductors. The
question if is if both sides do agree
not to raise tariffs even further over
the next 90 days? What happens when the
sectoral tariffs are announced will
China get an exemption then this 90 days
of course it would also be important to
set the right atmosphere for the leaders
of both sides to actually meet.
expecting potentially a window for them
to meet presidency and President Trump
at the sidelines of the Apex summit in
South Korea in October. Um and so that
could be one reason why both sides may
be, you know, so keen on keeping things
stable for now.
>> What might a potential trade deal look
like? Yeah, this is supposed to be a
much more wide ranging talk because
Scott Besson talked about how, you know,
Chinese purchases of oil from Russia and
Iran could be on the table, but getting
China to cut those purchases is going to
be quite complicated because it would be
very disrup disruptive for the Chinese
economy. It's coming against this
backdrop of Chinese purchase of US crude
oil, coal, LG has dropped to zero in the
last month. Remember China has imposed
10 to 15% tariffs on US energy goods and
that was in retaliation to the fentinyl
related tariffs. Bear in mind Howard
Lnik also saying that a purchase
commitment from China especially when it
comes to agricultural goods could be on
the table. But what would the US be
willing to give up in exchange for that
the fentinel related tariffs 20%. That's
what China is going in asking for
reduction for and so far they have made
some efforts you know adding two more
ingredients of fentinil into the
restricted list. Trump has praised that
effort. Is that enough to get the US to
lower tariffs? For now sources are still
saying that the chances are pretty slim.
>> Minman thank you so much. Minman Low our
China correspondent here on set with us
and in Singapore Bill Ferris our senior
editor on the latest on these multiple
fronts as far as the trade conversation
goes. Joining us here on set as well,
Chilo, senior APAC, market strategist at
DNP Power by Asset Management. Good
morning, sir. Nice to see you.
>> Markets have done extremely well since
liberation day. Can I trust this rally
or are markets still complacent?
>> My view is still complacent. uh we will
get more upside but it's not very solid
because the rally so far we've seen
since April liberation day is due to a
change in sentiment and expectation
rather than change in fundamentals
markets were expecting very bad outcomes
you know 30 60% tariffs hitting the
world pushing up inflation and so on so
market was pricing that in with selloff
and now things come in less worse than
expected
15% tariff whatever 19%. So things are
still bad but it's not as bad as before.
So that change in expectation and
sentiment push up the markets over the
past few weeks and going forward we do
need to see the fundamentals come back
to play so that central banks especially
the Fed can nail down what exactly they
can do and then the market can learn
from that.
>> You mentioned it's not about
fundamentals. Why haven't tariffs made a
bigger impact on prices? Because so far
everybody is waiting for the final
tariff rate. We don't know.
>> We may never get the final tariff rate.
>> Well, that's the problem because you
know look at the Fed. The fact keeps
saying we don't know the tariff impact.
We don't know the tariff impact which is
true but we need to know that the
implementation of the par tariff
effective rate then estimation can come
on can go on from there and estimate you
know three four months down the road
inflation come back by how much and then
how much the economy would be hit. But
if if we do not know exactly when the
effective tariff rate will be
implemented that expectation of you know
calculation recalculation would just
keep going
the
I mean is the worst case the best case
for markets the worst case we don't get
a final tariff rate or if we do get
something it's going to be substantially
higher than normal then the Fed's going
to need to cut interest rates because
it's such a bad deal. Yeah, but we
>> is that scenario is that the Goldilock
scenario right now that's
>> right now it seems goldilock but then I
think the expectation is still that the
US economy is going to slow down anyway,
right?
>> Because tariffs here and the uncertainty
of the the final rate is going to hit
the economy worse later on in my view.
So that is going to prompt the Fed to to
move. It depends on when the Fed will
move and the Fed will move until it sees
uh when it sees the labor market in the
US shows more sure signs of slowdown
than what it's seeing now.
>> Okay.
>> So where can I expect some sort of
pullback if I take a look at cross
assets now?
>> Uh probably any time
>> because when you look at valuation when
you look at uh the sentiment
>> I think sentiment is going crazy. I mean
money is flocking into Bitcoin into
unprofitable tech companies. But this is
not good signs for the market in the
near term. So if we get a shock for
example, I don't know u China US trade
talk didn't really go that well as
expected that could be a trigger for a
pullback.
>> I mean there are pockets of the AP pack
equity market that are doing well that
maybe don't seem to have anything to do
with with with trade. I mean Macau
casinos have done well. The Asian market
in China has done well. South Korean
equities have done well. I mean are
those idiosyncratic strategies that
investors can trust while we figure out
whether or not the tariff will have an
eventual impact on market?
>> Well, certainly bottom up approach
idiosyncratic strategy will work. But on
from a broad basis, we are we are still
quite positive on EM Asia because we
believe Asian central banks can cut
rates before the Fed.
>> Um capital inflows uh in here because
inflation is lower than the developed
markets. there's more room for uh easing
overall in Asia. You know, the external
surpluses is helping liquidity in the
whole region. So, we do believe when
sentiment turns better uh for more risk
assets, money will come back more to
Asia.
>> How durable is this rally in China right
now?
>> It depends on whether Beijing can really
devel what it pledged for more easing.
Now if we do see that that's the
condition that more assertive easing and
more focus on consumption and other
non-investment demand I won't be
surprised to see Chinese uh stock
sustained recovery into 2026 or even
longer we saw that before
>> two years of rally last time 2018
>> after sin ping promised all these
changes and they deliver and then two
years after that we saw Chinese uh
stocks not straight up but recover for
two years. Well, speaking of something
we've seen before, uh, supply side
reform in 2015, 2016, that seems to be
the market theme right now, uh,
anti-involution. Is it going to work
this time?
>> I I hope it is going to work, but then
this time is more difficult than 2015,
2016 because back then the slowdown in
the market in the expectation in the
economy was mostly uh uh cyclical, you
know, bad property demand and and poor
exports. The government came in with uh
forceful uh expansionary policy. It
worked. But this time it's more
structural as well that you know this
involution is is the latest sign of the
excess or the the distortion built up
over the past five six years and now
it's showing up as destructive
competition market uh forces fail in my
mind. So the the government has to step
in. So that there's more structural
issues that uh Beijing has to deal with
this time alongside with insufficient
demand and weak confidence. So it's not
easy but I still believe more forceful
fiscal spending is the start and it
seems that they have started uh since
early this year.
>> You add anti-volution, you add this sort
of mega dam project. I think markets
have just taken that and and really
buying up a lot of these stocks right
now. Can we call it reflation?
>> If Beijing delivers uh on the forceful
fiscal expansion, yes. Yeah.
>> Uh if not it's sort of like you know in
between structural reform u increase in
fiscal uh expansion not much forceful
reflation.
>> Is that more important for markets than
maybe tariffs and the external?
>> Well if we do see forceful reflation
forces come back in China it is it is
going to be more forceful because China
can reflect the economy out of the
tariff problem in my view.
>> All right Chilo thank you so much.
Senior market strategist AP pack at B&M
Paraba Asset Management. We're also
counting down the opens of trade in
Shanghai Shenzhen and Hong Kong. We're
talking about really the Europe futures
and how things are going to wake up
there on the back of this trade deal
with the US that certainly is helping
things. But you know, futures still
lower in China this morning. This is the
China show.
[Music]
Chinese premier Lee Chang says
spearheading the creation of an
international organization to jointly
develop AI.
Asia tech correspondent Annabelle
Jewelers is joining us from Shanghai as
she covers WIC. I believe Belle,
>> you are in the ring. You're you're
watching all that's going on there. But
tell us a little bit more about the
warnings that we heard from the
premiere, but overall what you're seeing
on the ground, too.
>> Yeah, I think there's sort of a few
different key themes. Firstly, yeah,
you've got the government officials that
are here. We had Premier Lee Chung, for
instance, speaking on Saturday saying
that China can play a key role in terms
of global AI governance, but then also,
I mean, this is the biggest event for AI
in China this year. So, it's also a
really big opportunity for companies to
show off their AI innovations, but as
you said, humanoid robots, a very key
focus, and we're actually in Uni Tree's
ring. Uh, this is one of the most
promising robotics companies in China.
Just take a look at what's happening
here because this is a robot boxing
match that's just got underway. So, this
has been happening all weekend. All
sorts of different robots that are
getting in the ring. We've got green
helmet here against black helmet.
Yesterday, I had my money on green
helmet, but today I'm not sure who's
going to really win out of this. The
point is though is that yes, this maybe
looks like it's just entertainment and
of course there is that sort of blending
of tech and entertainment, but it's an
important revenue stream for these
companies as well because they're very
much focused on commercialization. We
just spoke with Tim Wong for instance
from Monolith Management talking about
how there actually might end up being a
need for consolidation in the humanoid
robots industry as well. Uh just given
that you've got so many companies that
are in this space but again I mean this
is certainly a huge attraction for the
crowds here.
Can't take my Belle.
>> I feel like they're gonna they're gonna
come crashing up behind you very very
quickly.
>> Hug them for us, Belle, if you could. If
you could. I don't know why they're
still wearing their their helmets,
though. Um, Bill, fantastic. Thank you
so much. More with Annabelle there from
inside the ring. Uh, there of course at
the World AI conference taking place in
Changhai. In fact, just on the coverage
that we're doing from there as well, Bel
in fact also spoke with the head of
Alibaba's cloud and AI unit who says 90%
of the technology and services that
actually sprung up since OpenAss Chat
GPT could actually be gone in under a
decade. Uh, Wangjen, the founder of
Alibaba Cloud, spoke exclusively to
Bloomberg. Have a look.
I would say as just like a single
organization or single person you really
cannot go that fast for a long run time.
Okay. And you know you you collapse okay
like you know I can working like for
three days and without any sleep but but
not anymore. Okay. Not anymore. And you
really cannot like work 30 days that
don't have any sleep. Okay. No way you
can do that.
>> Work ethic in China.
But
>> but I would say collectively
>> we can have a very fast iteration. Okay.
Like a
>> so that's why I really like a stubborn
stubborn uh mindset. So basically you
know like deep could do something very
fast. Okay.
>> And
and then we we also have queen. Okay.
>> And then have then we have Kimi. Okay.
So so so collectively and we can push
that fast. I think that's okay. That's
what I that's what I think it's
important otherwise why we need that
population. Okay. So that's why you know
when people get together and uh it it's
not just for uh you know competition
whether you win or not. It's basically
you can have the very fast iteration of
the technology because of this
computation or because you know and and
and you you work fast this time and you
slow a bit and then other guy move very
fast
>> and eventually be slow down a bit and if
you're good enough you can catch again
and uh it's a I don't think it's brutal
but I think it's it's very healthy
because and uh and when we work with the
people that is very competitive
>> that would be make you
much more competitive because that was
the way how how accessing the new
technology would be invented. Yeah.
>> Yeah. You're talking I guess about more
of a marathon not just a sprint race.
>> Yes.
>> Are is there space though for new
contestants to enter that race today? Uh
I would say at least for the AI it's a
marathon
>> because
I I think nobody could really see you
know
I if it's a long journey
>> it it it's definitely in the in the very
beginning.
>> That was the Alibaba cloud founder Wong
Jen speaking exclusively to Bloomberg
and you can watch an extended version of
that interview later on on the China
show at 10:30 a.m. Hong Kong time.
subscribers can check it out on the
terminal and bloomberg.com. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
We got our eye on CK Hutch here this
morning. So we've just heard in the
stock filing here that they may invite a
major strategic investor from China to
join in that consortium seeking to buy
its global ports. Our reporting on
Friday said that state-owned uh the
player is actually Costco shipping. So
both stocks are continuing this rally
here that we saw last week as well right
now Dave.
>> Yeah. Going into the open today. So
that's helping lift some of these
sentiment and the benchmark plus of
course some fairly encouraged
positioning ahead of potentially a tree
deal or progress as far as that's
concerned. As you can see futures are
now higher 310 of 1% going into the
open. We are poised to open slightly to
the upside this Monday.
[Music]
Good morning. Welcome back. You're
watching the China Show counting down to
the open of trade today. There's lots of
corporate news on a corporate front.
We'll get to that in a moment here, but
let me again borrow this phrase coming
through from our uh weekly scene setter
that the next 5day stretch would could
define the second half of this year.
Everything from massive earnings in the
US, some data coming through across the
world, you have a Fed decision, you have
non-farm payrolls, you have potentially
some trade progress with China. We're
coming up or feeling the tailwinds from
the trade deal with Europe and the US
alone.
>> Yeah. And markets interpret that as
look, we we are away from the worst case
scenario 15%, it's the same as what
Japan got. It's the same as what the
Europeans got. That is actually seen as
positive that maybe we haven't been
talking about the 30% tariffs that were
threatened for the EU. So that relief
rally is still underway here across the
Asia Pacific, but certainly a lot of
questions on how long can this really
last, right? As Dave mentioned, all
those macro factors might be showing us
a bit of direction by the end of this
week. Whether it's the Fed and the
descents that we might be actually be
getting uh in this meeting, what does
that tell us? Right. As well,
particularly when it comes to onshore
markets opening up and we're pretty slow
going at the start in Shanghai. We're up
about flat there in CSI 300, but you
know, we've been talking about these
multi-year highs already that have been
reached uh in this rally. And you know,
last week was really about maybe booking
some profits here. Looks like we might
see that a little bit here as well. But
yes, you are also seeing a bit of profit
taking in some of these commodities
which really have been rallying on this
whole anti-involution theme. We got
Goldman coming up here to talk a bit
more about that. BFA, I should say. But
yes, copper, steel, iron ore, and
Shanghai crude all falling this morning.
Iron ore, for example, is down some 1%
in Dalian. And we're watching very
closely what goes on in Hong Kong just
given what we saw, right? So Goldman
lifts China stock index there. Kindra
Laauo and his team, they remain, you
know, overweight, but they have raised
their targets now for Msei China to 95.
That's implying about 11% upside when it
comes to MSEI China on what they're
thinking. It's it's some potential US
China trade deal that could we could see
this week in Stockholm. Uh potentially
here easing regulations on the private
sector and also a relatively slightly
stronger remn.
Take a look at what Hong Kong's doing,
right? It's really the southbound flow
story that really has been driving a lot
of these the momentum here in Hong Kong.
Goldman says, "Look, they're raising
that 2025 southbound net buying to $ 160
billion dollar now. So maybe there's
still a bit of leg room when it comes to
this rally here. Uh we're watching very
closely what goes on. City obviously
with that price target for Hong Kong
Exchange, a lot of it has to do with the
pipeline here in Hong Kong uh when it
comes to IPOs and the like." Uh what
else we're watching out for here today?
Uh obviously when it comes to HStech
that the one thing we're watch but yes
the CK Hutcherson deal. So the stock
filing came in this morning they
mentioned about a major strategic
investor in China that's going to be
playing a part of this consortium for
this ports deal. Our reporting suggests
it's Costco shipping. We saw the stock a
rally there on Friday already here. It
looks like we're coming off that a
little bit for Costco shipping. We're
down some 2% and we're down a little bit
for CK Hutch right now. Why what we're
also focusing on is the some of the
European exposed sort of stocks that are
listed here in Hong Kong. They have been
rallying on the back of this EU China
trade deal uh EU US I should say trade
deal as well. A mixed picture across the
board here this morning Dave.
>> Okay. Yeah. We're also coming off as
Ivan was just alluding to there some
fairly key numbers on the weekend. We
had industrial profits. It really goes
into this whole this this this new
buzzword buzzphrase for markets
anti-involution. Right. So the the data
that's come out for June is still a
decline of negative 4.3%.
Um as you can see that's a second
sequential well no second straight month
we are getting a negative number
although sequentially when you do notice
that of course that's year when you look
at monthtomonth there is a there's a bit
of a pickup there that might be down to
some one-off adjustments. cars for
example. We can get to that in a moment.
But yes, this really underscores the
need. How do you improve the profit
outlook particularly for this specific
cohort of this equity market right now
that goes into what the market's been
running with anti-involution CSI 300.
This goes back to about mid to late May.
This chart that comes up and as you can
see markets have traded on this
materials. A lot of it also has to do
with the fact that you had this mega dam
project that added a little bit more
juice to uh to this rally. But yeah,
it's it's certainly gotten to a point
that it's caught the attention of
people. And to what extent, you want to
question to what extent should we expect
earnings to improve and when? Because
this is not a simple band-aid on top of
your sort of that that goes away. This
is a this is a structural issue that
needs time to really time and effort and
and commitment to really see it through.
And yeah, we'll we'll we'll we've been
talking to a lot of our guests about
this very very topic here.
>> Yeah. Is it reflation? It's a big if
because it has to be delivered in the
proper way, right? And everyone seems to
reckon that, you know, compared to 2015
and the supply side reforms at that
time, it's a much different story
whether it's the rhetoric that you're
seeing, but really the macro picture as
well. How cyclical really it was back
then versus now is a very different sort
of story here. Let's get kind of a
listen to what we've heard from our
guests in the past few days.
the more it's being produced uh the more
deflationary the price gets. Um so the
focus is about not about working more uh
but how to make the existing asset
yielding a higher return. So it's equity
friendly and on the margin if executed
right it could be helpful to the global
trade in terms of easing tensions coming
from China's over capacity output
spilling into the global markets. uh but
short-term it's not GDP friendly or
employment friendly. So it's a balancing
act.
>> Many of the new economy sector right
advanced manufacturing strategic new
sector green energy renewable energy
sector also have this over capacity
issue and many of the capacity were
actually newly built up and some of the
technologies are commodities. So it's
very hard to say oh old technology high
energy uh high energy consumption high
high high high high high high high high
high high high high high high pollution
using those old standard to draw the
line to say who are the winner and loser
>> back then it's the S so Suees it's the
upstream uh companies that were seeing
excess supply and back then it was quite
easy for the gum to say you're an SOE
you need you need to listen to me you
need to cut your production but this
time a lot of it's midstream it's uh you
know it's private businesses they have
their own incentives it's harder to for
the government to just mandate a
production curb. So
>> but then this time it's more difficult
than 2015 2016 because back then the
slowdown in the market in the
expectation in the economy was mostly uh
uh cyclical you know bad poverty demand
and and poor exports. The government
came in with uh forceful uh expansionary
policy. it worked but this time it's
more structural as well that you know
this involution is is the latest sign of
the excess
and let's bring in Mattie Jao BA global
research co-head of China equity
research and it just so happens that a
lot of the areas of coverage that we
talked about here just fall specifically
under uh Maddie and her team's coverage
basic materials and gas research
>> we finally get to talk about cement
>> yes
why don't you start what's what's top of
mind for you?
>> Yeah, sure. Um, actually I think the
anti-involutions in my sectors are
focusing on like cement, steel, uh,
probably you also hear about solar
materials um, as well. Uh, and also
there is some news about coal but we
think coal is not falling within the
anti-involution sites and it's quite
different from uh, what we are seeing in
2016. Uh, I think we also saw some of
uh, my uh, other colleagues talking
about it as well. Um because at that
time you are actually boosting demand
and at the same time you are actually
cutting all the illegal capacity. So you
have the legal ground to cut but now a
lot of the sectors like coal and steel
you actually have already cut all the
illegal capacity during last round. And
so in order for further cut you have to
come up with what ground who are you
cutting and what extent. So that would
uh be with uh each subsector you need to
come up with a specific plan and that
would take a longer period of time and
for cement at least we already have a
plan on cutting. So to cut from current
2.1 billion ton to 1.6 billion ton so
that one at least we have a plan and
cement hasn't been cut during the last
few rounds. That's right. So that's why
the capacity are still illegal or over
the allowed capacity. So once you have
the legal ground it's easier. I mean, it
seems like markets are just buying up
everything, right? Coke and coal futures
are at what seven-month highs and the
like. So, you're saying maybe coal might
not be the focus here. What else is not
in the focus?
>> I I think uh some of the areas would not
be the focus, but it just happened to
have other uses. Uh so, for example,
coal, uh it just happened to have the
safety check and of course during the
now it's the very hot summer. So during
you have a supply disruption during the
safety check that would affect um you
know the the prices as well and of
course the sentiment um also uh for the
coing code because before the rally it
actually hits uh so from nearly 3,000 to
1,200 it actually hit the cost supports
so that also provide you more room to to
go to hike. Um I think another one like
uh in a lot of chat like lithium lithium
was also not the big focus of the
government but of course we have a lot
of rumors or market news talking about
jangikard
etc that happened at the same time and
people have connecting them with
anti-involution
>> doesn't the coal sector employ a lot of
people and the reason I asked that is
that does that become then a factor to
decide
>> that's almost an employment question
when you talk about whether or not you
want to cut capacity in a sector that
employ some people, a lot of people.
>> Yes, co and steel both employ a lot of
people. Uh coal employ about 4 million
people actually over 4 million people
and steel employ over 4 million people
as well. And what make it worse, it's
very concentrated in certain provinces
because co is uh very concentrated in
inner Mongolia, Shanzi and Shanil and
still it's very focused in in in um her
bay as well. So for those local
government it would be very difficult to
resolve the unemployment issue in the
near term and and like I said because
last round in 2016 you already nearly
cut 1 billion ton of coal I 20% and 1.5
billion uh sorry 150 million ton of
steel uh 15% at that time for unleal
ground. Now you don't have the unleal
ground to cut them.
>> So you have to come out with a quotota
which takes longer time. the the launch
of this mega dam in Tibet, how are you
factoring that into your your forecast
right now?
>> Yes. Uh that of course boosts the market
sentiment, right? But if you look at
into the real demand, it's actually not
that much. So for steel, we estimate is
40 million ton of steel extra demand
over 10 years i.e. only 4 million ton a
year. Uh and currently China is 1
billion ton markets and cement is a 30
million ton over 10 years and China now
is 1.2 two billion ton of market as
well. So of course cement because it's
very regional. So for Tibet area or over
that area that's meaningful because
Tibet is a 14 million ton market. So a 3
to 4 million ton a year is already 20%
increase. Yeah.
>> I want to ask you more about steel the
how do you think this affects the well
for one the steel price because we've
seen markets rally there. um how does it
affect the amount of steel that China is
able to export and also their their
demand for things like iron ore for
example which is of rather sort of
global consequence when you look at
markets like Australia for example
>> yeah sure uh if you I'll answer your
second question first if you look at
last round supply side reform uh steel
prices shoot up from 1,800 to 4,800 so
2.5 times iron also up um during the
same period but to a smaller extent so
steel margin uh expand And uh I think
from a fundamental perspective iron ore
shouldn't go up because you're actually
basically cutting the supply sorry
cutting the demand for iron ore right
but from a sentiment perspective it will
go up first and probably will gradually
ease up uh and iron ore in terms of
percentage should also go smaller uh
compared to steel and also like I said
compared to last round it's much smaller
scale and also much longer period so I
think iron ore apart from the initial
sentiment it's probably going to ease
off. So our view is uh we're still
relatively cautious on iron or on on on
all these senses. Yeah. And go back to
your uh first question in terms of steel
export uh we still believe uh in the
near- term steel export will remain at
about 100 million ton at high level. Uh
the reason is because the steel cut is
only 3 to 4% while the demand because of
the weak property is also dropping 3 and
4% as well. So in order to keep a
relatively decent margin, we still need
to force some of the uh steel out.
>> So if I need to make an anti-involution
portfolio,
>> yes. Yeah. Yeah.
>> What would be in it?
>> Um okay. On the on the long sides uh
well the of course all the stock have
already rallied. So if you look at the
valuation going into it now for if you
are only looking at one or two months
return may not be a very sensible way.
uh probably better to let the market
cool down a little bit and go into
fundamental. From a fundamental
perspective, we still like copper, we
still like aluminum because they're
supported by demand. Uh and if only on
the anti-involution perspective, I think
at least cement you have a plan. So even
though it takes 12 months, at least you
have a plan, you know where your target
is. And we have a coal prices decline to
help the the earning. And we are also
relatively on a comparison basis more
positive on steel versus iron ore and
cocore.
>> What about autos?
>> Autos.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh autos I don't cover. Uh but uh in
auto materials or auto battery like
lithium uh I think of course everything
I on the uh 9th of August for the CL
mine given that's when the license is
going to be renew or not. If it's not
going to be renewed, that would largely
affect the lithium uh supply and demand
because CL is nearly five to six% of the
global supply and we are just 5 to 6%
over supply. So that's where the turn
the whether we can really have a
fundamentally more positive on on the
meth.
>> Matty, great to have you. M there
co-head of China Equity Research and
head of APAC basic materials oil and gas
research at BA everything anti-volution.
Buddy Morehead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Well, the World Artificial Intelligence
Conference is underway in Shanghai and
the event showcases a variety of cutting
edge cutting edge Chinese technology and
brings together many leaders in the
sector. Our Asia tech reporter Annabelle
Jewelers is there and standing by with
our next guest. Belle,
>> thanks. Yeah, it's that really big focus
on robotics at the event. So, I'm
pleased to say that we're joined this
morning by Deep Robotics Directors of
America's that's Eric Wong joining us
this morning. So, thanks very much for
the time. But let's start with with your
focus on the North America market. I
mean, this is something that 6 months
that you're into so far. What's been the
reception and the appetite for your
products so far? I think so far we are
very popular in United States. We we
didn't take so much demand uh actually
can come out in the the second year when
we uh uh landed on America American
market. Uh but so far so good. Uh we
have uh we have already established our
sales channel with so with quite a
number of distributors already.
>> And who are the distributors? Which
industries or or areas are you looking
into in particular? Yeah, it's a quite a
diversified uh group of people. Some
people uh some company actually public
company US either they have their own uh
factory uh for for local produ produce
golf car or they have their furniture
production line and some the rest of
them are located either for drone uh
distribution of uh even Amazon they are
also our customer in US already. Yeah.
this week as well. I mean, there's
there's a lot of different robotics
companies that are here and and Uni
Tree, which is right next to us, we've
had headlines that they cut the price of
one of their products from $12,000 to
$6,000. That sort of like race to the
bottom, but a price cuts or is that
something that you also need to consider
for your products as well?
>> Uh uh so far, so far not because we
actually Unry and us in US are quite uh
focused on different market. 90% of our
customer actually enterprise which means
we are doing businessto business
application for our US customers but
unit based on my uh knowledge they are
focused on business to consumer and
education sector uh actually in the
second half of this year we are also
shift some our energy allocate resources
to business to consumer uh market so
there may be more competition in the
second half of this year yeah
>> US to to China trade I mean it's a big
focus as well on on the tariffs that may
come for Chinese products. How are you
also managing that risk?
>> Oh yeah, actually the tariff is a
concern of every everyone in United
States between US actually between US
and China. Uh they affect the supply
chain very much and people always
hesitate then they think about the
tariff. It's not it's not a very small
tariff. It's a actually 50% right. But
for us it's still quite manageable
because we in US actually we are working
with our US customer on win mean
situation which means we supply our
robot uh with with a local motion
capability but our customer they are
focused on their application. US is
famous for their innovation and their
software cap capability and their more
importantly they have computing power.
So we merge with technology of both
parties and actually uh AI is just
booming in US and the labor cost is high
over there. So our customer actually can
earn much more much more add value uh
even after considering a tariff added.
So we don't see too much hesitation in
US market this year. So you so you're
not concerned just for people to be
aware I mean you're exporting more of
the hardware the the product makes it to
the US they maybe pay a tariff on that
but then they add the software and
that's when the value of it really
increases how much value then does that
put one individual unit versus say the
unit of a person the labor cost as well
>> oh yeah uh the return return investment
after purchasing our robot is really uh
quite impressive you know the labor cost
in US is $25 to $30 per hour. So the
annual uh the annual cost for uh for uh
machine uh for the inspection of machine
for 20 24 hours will be at least
$200,000 US which can purchase at least
two to three robot of us. So return on
investment after our customer purchase
our robot uh will be uh very very
attractive. That's why we don't see a
lot of obstacle and challenge even the
tariff is such is so high and don't
forget our uh software partner can add
many software on on on the on the on the
shoulder of our robot. So they can
charge by license by software they can
and much more.
>> I mean there's a lot of different
robotics companies that are here today.
We were just speaking earlier with Tim
Wong from Monolith Management and he was
saying that maybe in the next few years
you're going to have to see some sort of
industry consolidation. Do you see that
happening as well? Uh I think I think
after a few years yes because now
technology is developing so fast but if
you talk about competition today we must
differentiate the industrial traditional
robot from our AI robot. For industrial
robot everybody has same capability same
similar functions. Of course the price
competition is very fierce very very hot
but for our robot is a uh AI robot. Now
day you can see many similar robots in
the exhibition hall but prototype is
easy but m production is difficult to
make them reliable can work for a long
time without maintenance is not easy so
far in US market we don't see very cost
effective and reliable competitor and we
don't see the they will happen in two to
three years yeah
>> Eric thanks very much for your time
there that was Eric Wong there he is the
director of America's for deep robotics
I'll toss it back to you guys and Ion
David as well Eric told me he's a big
fan have your show.
>> A
>> Oh, really?
>> Okay.
>> Did he come with and bring some friends?
Robotic friends.
>> Yeah.
>> Not lying.
>> So, so tell him uh Well, yeah. A Itaba,
right? We love him as well. AI
conference there.
>> Sorry, Dad. So early. I'm trying to get
I need another coffee.
>> He was very flustered by that comment.
He didn't expect it.
>> Yes. I never know how to deal with
flattery, actually. Sometimes that's uh
that's I I need to work on that too,
especially live TV. Come on, Bell. Don't
throw that curveball.
>> Okay, we got to go to break though.
>> It's a good thing.
>> We'll deal with it during the break.
Play more. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
>> Right, welcome back. some unexpected
promising guidance coming through the
Laoo Gold. Although as you can see the
stock's gone. Maybe it's a sell in the
news uh dynamic that we're seeing today.
Although as you can see the company's
now guiding towards let's call it 300%
pop in first profits on the back of
everything else that's going on there
with the stock. Stocks down about 2%
this Monday. Uh Jamsu Hungary is also
one that we're tracking today. We're up
8 78% there. Half a billion deal with
GSK. So that's going to be an addition
that the markets are discounting at the
moment given everything that's going on
here.
>> And coming up on the China show, an
extended and exclusive interview with
Alibaba Cloud founder and Zil Jang Lab
director Wong Jen on China's AI future.
[Music]
Welcome back to the China show. Here's a
look into the HSI a half hour into the
session and yeah, things are looking
pretty good right on this Monday
morning. Why? Well, the EU and CH and
the US, I should say, have come up with
a trade deal 15% better than expected or
less worse than expected. and the US and
China are set to speak in Sweden.
There's already talks of maybe extending
that trade truth.
>> Yeah. In fact, Goldman Sachs um has
raised their target for MSEI China from
85 to 90. That's a 12-mon target on the
back of what Ivon was pointing out
there. This potential Sino US trade deal
per trading partners from jurisdictions.
We have concluded the trade agreements
with the US. I'm quoting Kinder Lao
here. a potential US China trade deal
could be a market clearing event for
Chinese stocks. That's from Ker and his
team. They're projecting an additional
indicating at least an 11% upside on
Msei China from where we are now.
There's an overlap of course of
constituents between the benchmark at
the bottom and the benchmark on the big
screens. You see uh now the 1% gain
we're seeing now Europe European assets
this time is a reflection really of the
similar dynamics of what markets are
doing with this. So we'll continue to
track this. And by the way, Europe has
done exceptionally well as an equity
market. And then there is this to
consider, but how quickly markets forget
that 15% is now a great thing. Um, let's
move things along. Uh, have a look at
Samsung Electronics, the Cosby P index.
We have a fantastic story out today of
really a top five or six market I
believe globally this year and why
global investors are chasing the Samsung
electronics today um on the up and up
substantially on the back of this
additional
16 17 billion chipm deal. We're not sure
though who the the counterpart of this.
We're trying to endeavor that. But in
any case, of course, on Samsung's side,
we're looking at already some upside as
far as that's
>> the speculation that's just going
rampant of who that
>> yeah,
>> that that player is, right? Certainly
mystery buyer,
>> a mystery buyer, but I guess you can
guess
>> if you've been covering this story for a
while. Uh in terms of the top themes, I
mean,
>> we talk about the amount of event risk
this week
>> and and they're saying this is really
the make or break week for a lot of
traders out there and really going to
determine what the whole rest of the
second half is going to look like,
right? We talk about the Fed, we talk
about the BOJ, we talk about the the US
data like non-farm payrolls that comes
out all are going to dictate what's
going to happen and what the Fed's going
to do. It's interesting, right? The
dissents.
>> Yes.
>> That we could be seeing here potentially
too, right? We're talking about Michelle
Bowman. We're talking about Christopher
Waller. Is this a sign of a turning
point in Fed policy? A lot of people say
maybe that's what you start to see,
>> you know, these descents once people
start to turn maybe,
>> but are are we all just talking about
auditioning to be the next Fed chair,
too?
>> Is this the the monetary policy version
of America American Idol,
>> you know, just just let us know what you
would do with the crown if you got it?
But it is it I I guess to your point,
right? It's the it we we really come
together on the major themes this week.
You know a lot of people talk about how
valuations are stretched that we are
still headed for a slowdown no matter
what happens with the trade negotiation
but if big earning big tech delivers
this week then markets can ignore maybe
all those concerns for the next couple
of months still. So it's a second half
story which will be determined this this
next
>> like four of the mag seven reports this
week right
>> 22 trillion of market cap reports this
week it's 15% of global market cap 138
trillion if you're curious where I'm
getting that math from. Okay let's take
it back to trade here. So you have the
US and the EU striking a trade deal. 15%
tariffs on most, not all, on most EU
exports, including autos.
>> We've reached a deal.
It's a uh good deal for everybody, I
believe.
And uh it's I think you were saying this
is probably the biggest deal ever
reached in any capacity, trade or beyond
trade.
>> It is.
>> It's a it's a giant deal with lots of
countries.
We have a deal. We have a trade deal
between the two largest economies in the
world. And it's a big deal. It's a huge
deal. Um it will bring stability. It
will bring predictability. That's very
important for our businesses on both
sides of the Atlantic.
Um it's 15% tariffs across the board,
all inclus inclusive.
And it does come as US and Chinese
officials are meeting on Monday in
Sweden to possibly possibly extend a
trade truce. Let's bring in our team
here, Min Miller, our China
correspondent, and Jill Dasis, our news
desk editor, to talk us through this.
Jill, let's start with the EU and you.
What's the what's the key takeaway for
Ed, can we trust that this isn't?
>> Um,
>> have they signed anything?
>> Well, no. I wouldn't trust this right
now. Um, I think the way that Yavvon
characterized this earlier, less bad
than expected is probably about the
sentiment here that we want to go with.
I mean, let's remember that at the
beginning of the year as Trump was
coming into office and we were starting
to, you know, see uh traders price in
what they were expecting from tariffs
this year, I think that 10% baseline was
really kind of where we had landed.
Obviously, now um we're cheering a 15%
uh tariff trade deal, right? So, I think
that that's really important. I also
think um you know there's there seems to
be uh some disagreement or at least some
confusion um over what exactly is
included like this. I mean, you just
heard Ursula Vanderland say there that
this was an all-inclusive 15% deal. Um,
you know, she's also said uh that this
would cover pharmaceutical products, and
we've got Trump saying, "No, it
doesn't." Uh, that we're still waiting
for these sectoral tariffs on
pharmaceuticals within the next couple
of weeks and that this wouldn't
necessarily be um, you know, included in
that. I mean, we've also heard from some
uh, you know, US officials that maybe
they are. So again, like that's I think
um really kind of under like it just it
it really kind of underscores here um
one of the big issues with some of these
trade deals which is that okay you're
reaching this reciprocal tariff
agreement again still waiting for white
papers and all these different you know
deals and also sorry just a small
tangent um usually it takes literally
years to sign a trade deal not like 90
days or you know what have you. So I
think um uh you know still a lot of
concern over what exactly this all looks
like uh at the end of things
particularly after you know August 1,
but you know we still have to see how
the sectoral tariffs really factor into
these reciprocal tariffs here.
>> And that's the thing right once we get
to August 1st it's not like it's the end
and we get all this trade clarity.
There's actually more questions leading
up to it and what these kind of
frameworks going to look like.
>> Yes. Exactly. So I mean um again uh
we've seen this before a little bit with
the UK deal earlier this summer. Right.
We just had a few details there, but
still a lot to work out, particularly
when it comes to some of these 50% steel
tariffs and such. Uh, I mean, Vietnam
also reached a trade deal, although we
had heard, you know, after the fact that
Vietnam was still trying to lower that a
bit. Um, you know, we've heard obviously
from Japan a bit. We've heard, you know,
like all these different countries that
are working on this, but yeah, I mean,
still it seems like a lot to work out
here.
>> Mman, let's let's talk about Sweden. the
what what's what's what are we looking
at there for any potential progress on
that fairly complex part of the trade
negotiation?
>> We're looking at status quo for now.
Scott Bassender has already signal that
he's expecting this trade cruise to be
extended. He didn't say by how long, but
SEMP reporting by potentially 90 days.
And remember this is coming as both
sides are working towards this leader
summit between President Trump and she
potentially in October at the sidelines
of the Apex summit in South Korea. So
there's a lot of interest from both
sides to keep things calm in order not
to derail that summit. So this could be
just the first step, one of many as they
work towards a larger trade agreement
because remember we know the two
presidents will want to have something
material to be able to announce when
they do meet as well. So right now bar
is very low going into this but we know
that it is going to be a very wide
ranging talks. China is looking at you
know wanting to lower the tariffs for
fentinel the fentinel related tariffs.
They also want the US to loosen some of
the restrictions when it comes to trade
and the US has its list of demands as
well.
>> So what would a potential deal look
like?
>> Yes. So as I mentioned it's going to be
very wide ranging. Scott Besson
mentioned that um Chinese purchase of uh
oil sanctioned oil from Iran and Russia
is going to be on the table. But of
course, if China cuts its uh buying of
these oil, who is going to benefit? The
US. Because right now, China's purchase
of US energy products has already
dropped to zero in the last month thanks
to the tariffs that were imposed in
retaliation to the fentinel related um
tariffs. And then there is um purchase
commitment on agricultural goods that
Howard Lutnik mentioned. So if the US
wants China to buy all of these things
from the US, are they going to be
willing to lower the fentinel related
tariffs? really at the heart of the
matter, especially given China has shown
it sincerity by adding a couple of
fentinil ingredients into the restricted
list. Is that enough to appease the US?
>> All right, women. Thank you. Our China
correspondent there. Also, our thanks to
our news desk editor Jill Dies on all
things trade here this morning. And
Dave, we talk about how busy it is. It's
going to get pretty busy.
>> It it will. It will. The moment of truth
markets are waiting for will really come
this week. Uh third time I'll mention
this phrase from this fantastic week
ahead piece. If there ever was a fiveday
stretch that would define the second
half of this year, it's going to be
these next five days. And we don't
really have to go through each and every
one of this, but everything from macro
to potential clarity on several points
of friction in these markets. You have
Fed decisions. You have a July jobs
number coming through. And we haven't
even gotten to earnings. 21 22 trillion
market cap reporting this week. You have
the MAG7 pretty much with the exception
of Nvidia. a couple of that have not
reported already that's coming through
uh these next few days or so.
>> And let's bring in Joseph Shapnik there,
founder and CEO of Rainwater Equity to
talk us through uh what's ahead. Uh
Joseph, it it looks to be a potentially
pretty turbulent week, but markets are
still doing so well. Take a look at the
S&P. We're at or even close to records
here right now. And you know, some are
arguing there is complacency. Are we
priced for perfection right now?
>> So much for a slow summer, right? Uh if
you go back to 2019 if you go back to
2019 the multiple on the equal weight
S&P was approximately 17 times earnings.
If you look at today's equal weight S&P
after all that's happened COVID tariffs
everything that's happened the equal
weight multiple on the S&P 500 is 17
times.
So in general, I think it's tough to
make the case that the S&P or the US
stock market is on an equal weight basis
excessively valued. Certainly on a on a
cap weighted basis, it's been it's been
probably never more expensive and never
more expensive than the rest of the
world's uh stock markets. But I view the
the S&P 500 in the US as the great
growth stock of all countries today.
It's growing faster than the other
countries. it's more profitable and has
higher returns than the other countries
do. Uh but it's also more expensive than
all the other countries are on on a
multiple basis. So that's just something
to keep in mind. I think the news today
and and over the weekend is certainly
going to be positive for the S&P 500 and
US stocks. Uh it's just a lessening of
the uncertainty that has faced the
markets for the last six months. And the
market is coming around to the view that
tariffs and the tariff noise and the
tariff wars are receding into the
background of what's actually driving
stock, which is earnings and cash flow.
and they'll always be in the background,
particularly under this administration.
But certainly the deal that was
announced today with with the EU and the
deal that was announced with Japan is
building the confidence of US investors
that tariffs are not going to be the end
of the US stock market or the end of the
bull market rally, but potentially could
uh give everybody the confidence that
this rally cani can continue.
>> Okay, Joseph David here. That's the
that's the top level sort of index
advice. What is the specific investment
advice and how do we you know how do we
continue to chase this rally is my
question here Joseph?
>> Well look I think that that the
important thing to do is to look at the
mag seven and identify who's winning
with regard to AI. you've got to be
exposed there. And so certainly we are
and then you have to look at every every
other sector in the economy which is
much cheaper than the technology sector
and much cheaper than the S&P 500 and
find the great ideas there. And so for
us that's some defense stocks, that's uh
uh aftermarket aerospace parts
companies. You can see that aerospace
was excluded uh from the from the
tariffs here. So clearly there are
certain pockets of the overall economy
that will do well regardless of the the
the tariff rates that hit uh in the
individual sectors. And so we're focused
on who's winning in AI, who's winning in
the industrial world, and who will
benefit from u perhaps a more
competitive US industrial complex. And
so we're finding opportunities in those
two areas.
Joseph, what are you looking the second
half on what could potentially bring
down this rally?
>> Does it is it contingent on whether we
get a a cut from the Fed, for example? I
mean, what what else do you think is it
could be a potential headwind that could
actually change your thesis? I
>> I think a cut from the head uh cut from
the Fed is inevitable. Um, you're seeing
data that continues to make the case
that uh we have a benign backdrop for uh
for lower rates. You're seeing the
conversation between the US president
and the Fed chairman uh become more and
more public which probably indicates
that we're we're trending toward a rate
cut here. Certainly, there were comments
on Friday uh which which led people to
believe that that was likely to occur.
So, I think it's more likely than not
that we see a rate cut in the next 6
months or so. I think what could derail
the rally is that it all goes back to
fundamentals. If we continue to see
great growth uh from the US economy and
and from the S&P 500, this rally will
continue. The US market is not overly
expensive and not too expensive to
continue to appreciate. But if we see a
slowdown in the US economy, if we see
rates that are persistently high, those
certainly pose risk to the rally.
Joseph, what happened to the I'm not
sure if you were a buyer to begin with
of the, you know, the US exceptionalism
over uh agenda uh from about one or two
months back. Whatever happened to that?
And do you think the rally now puts that
I guess in many ways put that
speculation to rest, do you think?
Well, look, I think that the economies
outside the United States, the stock
markets outside the United States are so
inexpensive relative to the S&P 500 that
it wouldn't surprise me if we continued
to see leadership shift from the S&P 500
to to other stock markets. Certainly
with our portfolio, u we've moved our
exposure more to Europe and and to other
markets where valuations are more
attractive. So I think there will be
winners and there will be losers and
it'll be very company specific and
market specific and of course that's the
job of the portfolio manager to
identify.
>> Well that's why we appreciate your time
and speaking with us of course to give
us those nuance insight. Joseph, thank
you so much for uh taking the time on a
Sunday at that. Joseph Chaposnik their
founder and CEO at Rainwater Equity
joining us out of the West Coast uh this
morning here in the Asia Pacific. Right.
Coming up here on the China show, an
extended and exclusive interview with
the Alibaba cloud founder and Joe
Janalab Lab director Wang Jen on China's
AI future. Subscribers can check it out
on the terminal and also on
bloomberg.com.
[Music]
Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show. The shares of Samsung are up 2.6%
as you can see, coming off a little bit
highs of the day. Still substantial and
outperforming
uh the benchmark and the regional index
today. You have the company saying it
has landed a $16.5 billion deal,
chipmaking deal with what it calls a
major global client. Run a speculative
bells and whistles ringing in your heads
right now. And then the contract runs
from 2025 this year through to 2033. So
divided number maybe across those number
of years. Let's bring in Masahiro
Wakasugi, our Blubber Intelligence,
senior analyst in Tokyo for us.
Masahiro, how do you read into this
specific announcement?
>> Uh yes. Uh actually we have not heard a
very positive news from Samsung foundry
business. So uh basically I think that
the news is really uh good for the
company and uh 16.5 billion US contract
uh maybe it's about 8 years the
contract. So uh maybe on the annual
basis simply uh calculation uh suggest
that around2 billion US dollars could be
added to the foundry business. So we
calculate it should be around the 10%
increase for the foundry business. So uh
that's a really good number for the
company and uh if we imagine that they
are making a progress uh it should lead
to the other customers making a contract
with Samsung going forward. So uh maybe
you know basically speaking it's a good
news for the company.
>> What do you see as the potential impact
then on its revenue?
uh so uh maybe you know uh actually the
10% increase could be possible for the
foundry business and the more
importantly uh I think that the foundry
business is at this point making a loss
of you know as a business but going
forward we can expect the utilization
rate to improve and uh leading to the
maybe returning to the profitability
again and also uh maybe you know next
year year after they are shifting to the
next generation transistors meaning that
uh it might say that uh they are making
a good progress for the maybe 2
nanometer or even 1.4 nanometer
technology. So in that sense we can
expect the Samsung to you know smoothly
migrate to the next generation
transistors.
All right, Masa, thank you. Masahiro
Wakasugi there, our Bloomberg
Intelligence senior analyst in Tokyo as
we talk about those Samsung shares that
are up this morning. We are also
tracking what's been going on uh in the
Thailand and Cambodia border there. Of
course, those talks are set to be
happening later on today, this
afternoon. and I believe it's Hong Kong
time, 3:00 p.m. Um, and what we're
hearing so far from the Thai Army deputy
spokesman on these clashes that they
actually do continue before the leaders
meet along the border. So certainly
we'll continue to see still some action
there. Uh, but as we hear right there,
there has been some mediators in this
whole conflict, I guess, and and really
it's it's the US president who's been
urging for the two sides to meet here
and really use these terror threats to
press for some sort of ceasefire. Yeah,
we'll see what happens with this. This
is comes to we'll get more details on
this in the afternoon of course as one
was just pointing out there. But on the
weekend certainly there is encouraging
news going into today but how quickly
this escalated of course to the point
that this is now of course a developing
story. We'll continue to track dollar
bot has reversed now that early gains in
SQT. We've now at the starting point of
the Monday session. Plenty more ahead.
This is the China show.
[Music]
All right, a big corporate story that
we're flagging for you today is of
course CK Hutcherson. So they are saying
that they're in talks now to bring a
major Chinese investor into a consortium
aiming to acquire its global ports. Now,
the move is designed to shore up
investor confidence amid uncertainty
surrounding the deal. That's why you're
seeing the shares up for another day.
We're up about 1.6%. Let's bring in our
conglomerates reporter, Shirley Jiao.
Tell us a bit more about the latest
progress of this deal. So, a 145day
period for exclusive talks between CK
Hutcherson and the buyer consortium has
expired on Sunday. And CK Hutcherson
early this morning sent out a statement
saying that they may invite a major
strategic investor from China to join
the consortium and they said that talks
are still progressing and it's necessary
to invite uh uh investor uh it's
necessary to change the membership of
the consortium to be able to gain
approval from all authorities. And
that's pretty much in line with what
we've been reporting that China's
state-owned Costco shipping has been in
talks to join the consortium. And that's
considered a way to ease China's anger
and concerns over the deal.
>> Okay. Uh Shirley, before we get to what
to watch out for next, just to mark this
breaking news that's come through as
well. According to our sourcing here,
and we we just talked about this
literally a few minutes ago with
Masahiro Wakasugi here, a Bloomberg
scoop. So what we know is Samsung has
said a major global client. They've
bagged a major deal 16.5 billion. Our
reporting now points to Tesla being that
global client. So Samsung to produce
Tesla chips in the 16.5 billion
multi-year deal from July of 2025
through to 2033 according to Samsung on
the timeline, but our reporting Ivonne
suggests that we now have more
information on this. Go ahead. and and
certainly as as Masa mentioned from BI
right this is seen as a positive right
because they really have had to find uh
more clients here when it comes to their
foundry business and certainly they've
been kind of lagging behind of course
the TSMC's of the world which basically
cannot meet all demand right now so they
have been losing ground in chip
manufacturing for some time now so this
deal potentially could help at least
narrow that gap for now if they can get
enough orders to fully utilize that
foundry capacity So certainly that is
the news according to our sources. Tesla
is that big client.
>> Yeah. Uh yeah. Okay. There we go. We'll
we'll we'll table the story for now. A
company spokesperson has declined to
comment regarding Tesla. That's a uh
spokesperson for Samsung and
representatives for Tesla did not also
immediately respond to requests for
comment. Just to also get that out
there. Shirley, I'm sorry I interrupted
you very quickly. What's to watch out
for as far as this the Seiki Hutch deal
is concerned? What's next? So I think
we're all watching very closely what
kind of a role that China cost Costco
shipping will take in the consortium. We
reported earlier that Costco is asking
for a role and that could grant it a
really powerful um you know uh veto
rights or similar powers so it can
protect China's interests in the
consortium and how would the US side see
Costco's request and I we think that you
know this is one of the things that's
worth watching and the negotiations
going forward will be centered around
Costco's role as well. Fantastic,
Shirley. Thank you so much, Shirley
Jiao, our Bloomer conglomerates consumer
and gaming reporter. Plenty more ahead
here on the China show.
[Music]
Well, the founder of Alibaba's cloud and
AI unit says 90% of the technology and
services that sprung up since OpenAI's
chat GPT could be gone in under a
decade.
>> Yeah. In this exclusive interview,
Alibaba Cloud founder and Jang Lab
director Wang Jin talked to us about
China's AI future, his career journey,
the mega pay packages we're seeing being
offered to lure AI talent in Silicon
Valley.
It is the change the way actually how we
doing things and actually how we think
about things. Okay. So you know you know
I have a psychology background.
>> So artificial intelligence as a word or
even as area is not new for me
>> and when I was uh in the college
students and we we already you know
start to to do that. Okay. That was in
the uh early of 80s. Okay. But uh but
you if you look at the technology at
that time actually technology is is in a
very shaky stage. Okay. So whenever
talking about all the AI at that time
and we are talking about what we talking
about the toy problem. So all the
question we try to answer at that time
is articulated answer all basically is
artificial problem. Okay. So at that
time you're thinking about the
artificial intelligence to try to solve
the artificial problem basically doesn't
mean anything but today you can see
actually the technology is getting real
and the problem we're trying to solve is
really the hard it's a real problem.
Okay.
>> So so big change is you know at least
from my experience from and the shaky
technology solve artificial problem and
we really have a great technology to
solve the real problem and the hard
problem. That's a big chain.
>> You mentioned how how AI can also change
the way that we think. Yeah.
>> How do you see that relationship?
>> Uh it's actually very direct. Okay. And
uh when we talking about you know people
talking about like a computing power and
when talking about computing well said
okay we have like 10 x times. Okay, we
talking about that. But if it's thinking
about the time, okay, why you know
change the way of thinking and let let
me put it that way and if I give you
like a million times of computing power,
you will change the way of doing things.
Okay? Just like, okay, I give you a bike
and you have own ways thinking about how
you get from Hong Kong to Shanghai or to
Hanzo, but I give you a car and you have
a different way thinking how to get
there. But if you give the airplane as
another story, okay, and so the the
airplane is our, you know, limitation to
thinking about how to get from Hong Kong
to Hanzo, but let's give you a rocket.
And then just completely change the way
of thinking about how to do things. So I
think the computing change our way of
thinking doing things like that way.
Okay.
>> Yeah.
>> Then how does that relate if if you're
saying that this reaches a point where
you're sort of like if you're talking
about transportation routes and you've
gone from the from walking to the bike
to the car to the rocket.
>> What about then that evolution that
people talk about from AI to AGI to ASI
general to super? I mean is that the
right way of thinking about it? uh
certainly I don't like this kind of you
know uh classification okay so the the
AI is AI the only thing we could say
that we have AI to super AI whatever you
call super AI is okay it just mean it
just mean the evolution and it just mean
you get more capability that's it it's
really hard you to differentiate them
you know so just like you know even for
the human growth okay we from
kindergarten to PhD
actually as continum okay
>> uh certainly your communities grow but
but it's very help you know really the
fundamental difference okay kids has
great you know learning ability okay
that's pretty much seem like you are PhD
students okay
>> what about the shift to embodied AI
>> I mean a lot of companies are getting
into humanoid robots what's what's your
view
>> it's a also it's a very uh uh uh
interesting interesting phenomena I
would
Because if you look at AI 30 years ago,
not mentioned about 50 years ago, AI is
very uh specific I would say it's very
narrowed area. So at that time AI is AI,
nature language is nature language and
the computer vision is computer vision
and the robotics robotics that's a
different discipline. Okay.
>> But today that AI become a big basket.
Okay. M
>> so so the person who work on the nature
language say okay we're working on AI
which is true today okay so so I think
the the the the
that you have to you have to make sure
the robotics is a robotics okay and uh
so what I see is robotics whether you
call robotics is AI not I'm not sure but
whatever AI produced could be deployed
uh in the robotics That's true. Okay.
>> And so that's different things. I would
say the robotics is is a very different
uh field that has a fundamental
technology is different
>> and uh but they needs the AI.
>> So it's it's more like okay the the the
if the car is a car and uh you have the
diesel engine before but today that we
have EV cars. Okay.
>> And so engine is different. Mhm.
>> So for me just AI provide a different
engine for the robotics. That's what I
that what I'm thinking about robotics.
Okay. Yeah.
>> How do you see China's AI landscape then
evolving over the coming months or or
years?
>> Yeah. I think the one of the very
interesting thing for China is we just
have opportunity to explore to explore
millions of things. Okay.
>> And uh people just uh fascinate about
technology. they are doing a lot of
different things. some you know probably
most of them will be gone you know as I
said in five or 10 years but but that's
not bad okay and just help us to explore
this thing that's one thing the second
thing is is really I uh about the you
know how you view the market in China so
you know 30 or 40 years ago when people
talking about the market in China
>> we're talking about uh establishing
market so basically it's basically
market for you to sell things. Okay,
>> that's that's typical, you know, way we
are talking about the market. Okay,
>> but uh but my experience working on the
Alibaba cloud, I would say the market
has a very important uh function
is how to make a technology mature. So
you can test your technology very
quickly in the market. Okay, so
technology will never get matured until
go to market. So today actually China
market has a very very important you
know play a very important role is how
to uh establish new technology and make
make sure the technology is matured
enough and even as a test bed for the
new technology. So market is not a
traditional market anymore. It's
basically it's a test bed of all new
technology. I think the China could
could play a very big role of that
lately. Yeah.
>> If if the sometimes I mean we know the
innovation cycle in in Chinese AI has
been very fast.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> But what what happens if that slows
down? I mean sometimes people I'm
hearing concerns for instance deepseek
hasn't released a second reasoning
model. I mean is that something that you
need to be worried about?
>> Uh let's see. I would say as just like a
single organization or single person you
really cannot go that fast for a long
time. Okay. And you know your you claps.
Okay. Like you know I can work like for
three days and without any sleep but but
not anymore. Okay. Not anymore. And you
really cannot like work 30 days. I don't
have any sleep. Okay. No way you can do
that. Okay.
>> Work ethic in China.
>> But but I would say collectively
>> we can have a very fast iteration. Okay.
Like
>> so that's why I really like a stubborn
stubborn uh mindset. So basically you
know like deep could do something very
fast. Okay.
>> And
and then we we also have queen. Okay.
>> And then we have then we have Kimmy.
Okay. So so so collectively and we can
push that fast. I think that's okay.
That's what I that's what I think it's
important otherwise
why we need that population. Okay. So
that's why you know when people get
together and uh it it's not just for uh
you know competition whether you win or
not. It's basically you can have the
very fast iteration of the technology
because of this computation or because
you know and and and you you work fast
this time and you slow a bit and then
other guy move very fast
>> and eventually be slow down a bit and if
you're good enough you can catch it
again and uh it's a I don't think it's
brutal but I think it's it's very
healthy because and uh and when we work
with the people that is very competitive
>> that would be make you very much more
competitive because that was the way how
how accessing the new technology would
be invented. Yeah.
>> Yeah. You're talking I guess about more
of a marathon not just a sprint race.
>> Yes.
>> Are is there space though for new
contestants to enter that race today? Uh
I would say at least for the AI it's a
marathon
>> because
I I think nobody could really see you
know
I if if it's a long journey
>> it it's definitely in the in the very
beginning. Okay. So in that sense you
know you know any short-term wing is not
important and uh it's not like uh you
know it again I want to say this a very
important judgment uh or you have to but
I think we have to make that a judgment
is you know whether any advantage you
have today is a barrier for other people
to catch up. Okay. But uh but personally
I didn't I didn't see any advantage you
have today will become the barrier for
other people to catch up. Okay. It's
just the early early process to the to
the to next stage. Okay. And uh so that
that that's why it's very exciting uh
very exciting time you know for that
anything that at the early age stage
anything that actually every day new
things happen
>> it's exciting uh uh uh time especially
for youngsters. Okay. Yeah.
>> You mentioned Kimmy from Moonshot and
Alib Baba's own model Deep Seek. I mean,
is there any of the of the small
language models, the large language
models that that stand out to you in
particular in China today?
>> Uh, actually there's a I would say
there's a lot and uh but because of but
you really want to get get to know by
the other people that's hard. China is
is really a and a and a and a country
that benefit from the stubborn mindset.
So obviously if you look at the young
people you know for at least for for the
people that I have have chance to to to
to reach they have a very good start of
the mindset. Okay.
>> And particular like in the in area like
like
>> Hanzo
>> and uh also this area you know this
young that area I'm not sure whe they
know about the some of the saying that
in Hanzo I I don't have the statistic
but but this basically the people
talking about so if you counting the
people in Hanzo and uh every four or
five people there was a there is a CEO.
Okay. So it just means people just love
to do some some things. So it is a it is
fascinating and I think it's still good
for the for the for the for the
>> I'd love to see that statistic. One in
five on the streets of Hjo being a being
a
>> CEO. Yeah.
>> No hometown buyers for sure.
>> Okay. But when it comes to building
>> an an AI model today in China, what's
the biggest challenge then? Is it on
getting it to market and and getting
that that awareness and getting people
to to use it or is it more on the
building side?
>> And uh I would say the the the
creativities
and uh and the reason I said I I I did I
I I really think you know I have a
equation about what's the challenge you
have in term that and the people always
said okay the computing power probably
is the barrier for us to do that. Okay.
Actually, I don't think at this moment
long-term it is, but at this time, I
don't think it is okay. So, particularly
in the in the in the last 6 months or 12
months, that's particularly true. That
what I that's what I want to say is, you
know, why is this creativity you know
the foundation model from Queen and from
Deepc are good enough. They are already
much better than GPT 4.0. Okay. So we
really need to find some some people
that with creativity to write
application for that and so today I will
say we are in terms of application we
are so much biased by open AI because
the everybody saw the the the chat GBT
>> is the only application they can think
about. M so basically I would say that's
much more uh uh a scenario he's thinking
about and building an application that
with the scale just like chat GBD that
would be there. So the number one is
really fun rather the the ra application
for that. Yeah,
>> I'm I'm taking a look at at the book
here that you wrote about also the
journey around on Alibaba cloud and and
your vision for the business and the
forward is written by Jack
>> and and he says that the first time he
met you
>> he was shocked by your vision of the
future of internet technology and also
that he wished that you'd met earlier.
What I find interesting though is that
you actually had to convince him
>> and others at at Alibaba that cloud was
the right business.
>> Yeah. Because you know fundamentally I
would say
the cloud business is very different
from internet business.
>> Fundamentally. Okay. So but thinking
about you know almost uh 20 years ago
the the core internet mindset is is
everywhere. Okay. So for the cloud
computing it's not that fit in in in
that sense that's that's one thing. The
second is you know cloud computing is
very different in term of business. I
always said to my colleagues I'm very
lucky to working on the first is a
technology
>> not like any other business you know
they started with the business business
and uh and technology help the business
okay but the cloud computing not that
case. So you have to have the technology
first that's the key. So it's a it's a
technology. The second you know not
every not every technology could become
the business. Okay.
>> That actually I always said only you
know only 1% of technology could be a
business.
>> So actually 90 90% technology just
technology. Okay. So we very lucky okay
it's a business and more important it's
a it's a it's a lasting business. So
thinking about a lot of business you
know have this life cycle you know every
10 years you have to thinking about
another opportunity okay but cloud
computing is a is a very good miss it
could last for another you know 50 or
100 years okay because the computing is
so fundamental so when we use analogy
about you know between the electricity
and and the computing it mean a lot of
things okay
>> so electricity is a lasting business it
will be there for another 100 years okay
So that's the hard part for for for the
people to really understand. So at the
very beginning it's it is hard. Yeah.
>> Do you think that you knew though when
you were starting it that it would
become the the key growth pillar that it
is today? I mean it started as sort of a
support to e-commerce today. This is one
of the brightest spots of of the
company. uh I I can't say
I can't say that actually I have a
prediction you today actually the AI is
the big customer of the cloud computing
okay
>> I can't say I have that prediction okay
but uh but but at that time I'm I'm
sorry said I I'm sorry said I didn't I
didn't expect the AI is coming so soon
okay I'm sorry to say that okay yeah but
I do believe that they they will be
coming soon they will coming but but I
just too it's just
too good to it's too good for me. Okay.
Yeah. And and but but I do believe that
actually it is not good business
>> and because of internet.
>> So so you can see there's a there's very
interesting
>> if there's no internet there was no uh
business like cloud computing
>> but there one thing that's actually what
I what I put in this book is the
internet bring the data together.
>> So it's not a traditional business.
Okay. China didn't bring the data
together. The internet bring the data
together
>> and uh so I truly believe that the data
will change fundamentally for us to
doing the uh business. Okay. But uh what
I didn't realize is the data combine the
model
>> that actually creates something called
AI
>> and change the way of doing business.
Okay, that's the so we predicted the
data but uh we failed to realize earlier
that actually you know when computing
data together with the model then
actually change the way that we doing
the business. Yeah,
>> it was a a really tough challenge for
you. I think that people sometimes maybe
just just brush over the fact like
starting a whole cloud business from
scratch when it didn't exist in China at
that time and there was obviously a
handful of companies in the US doing it.
I know you looked to some of them for
inspiration but but what were the
biggest challenges that you faced? Uh uh
first of all I want to say how lucky am
I okay
so lucky you know believe it or not okay
uh I never
wrote a business proposal for Alibaba
cloud
>> really
>> yeah so that basically means you have no
way to write a business proposal
>> nobody had push back
>> yeah yeah yeah no no no that's that
basically have no way to write a
business proposal okay so personally I I
don't like business proposal so when
they're talking about innovation I don't
like business proposal Okay, personally
again so that's why I said I'm very
biased. So so basically there's no way
you can write business proposal. So the
only way you can do that is don't lie
that okay that's that's one thing. Okay
>> I can see why people had issues with
internal.
>> Yeah that was so that's what I'm I'm
very lucky. Okay
>> so if you're talking about how hard it
is is
everybody think they are doing the cloud
business. Okay. So even with Alibaba,
okay, and because it was so new and you
really can't cannot tell what it is,
okay,
>> so that's that's a very that's a very
challenge. But certainly I think again
I'm very lucky and uh and when I started
and the internet China is is booming
booming
>> and uh we have a Starbucks. Okay. So
actually the the first money I I got is
is actually part of Starbucks. book.
Yeah, that was that was really that was
really memorable. Yeah, for so that's
why I love the smart companies.
Yeah, I love the person that don't have
anything. That's that was that was
badity.
>> But I think something that we see right
now is is certainly money that's being
directed at at strong talent. Yeah. And
and there's stories of course in in
Silicon Valley we see of people that are
getting hundreds of millions of dollars.
>> What do you think about that?
I I think it's a I don't think it's it's
the let's see
it's a typical way of doing things.
Okay, I will see that the reason very
simple you know is example when I when I
started
uh the the the the cloud you know the
first thing I did that was in 2008 the
first I did v the Silicon Valley and to
try to get tenant okay
>> and uh and after talking all the people
and you realize actually we don't have
much tenant there because it's
Okay.
>> So, and also with some of the talent
it's just too expensive. Okay. And uh to
expense basically means okay
uh you don't know whether the competenc
is there
>> when need high when need people. So it's
really about the innovation. So when you
are in the early stage of innovation I
don't think a talent is a problem
because you know have the only thing you
need to do is to get the right person
>> not really is the expensive person
because if the new business uh if it's
true innovation that basically mean the
talent nobody care about them okay
>> other working on that
>> so for the today what happened for the
like matter is because they are very
much focused on the existing success of
the business and the existing establish
of technology that's the that that's
that's that's my view okay so I think we
have a tremendous opportunity to look at
technology nobody knows today and these
talent these are talent but but these
are
I I I can't say it's cheap but but it's
you it's available for you okay so
that's really about the vision you know
where you want to where you want to go
and uh there's a lot of similar things
you know happened during the last 20
years or so whenever everybody knows
that these are talent and uh it's better
for you not to get in
>> and listen that's not new that's that's
my that's my so like personally that I
hire the so now he's head he he's a
leader for the queen okay you probably
met him you know when you were in Hanzo
you know I personally interviewed him
you know 15 years ago and we got tenant
now he's leading the queen
>> yeah but so that that that's
>> so there's not really there's not really
any justification then it sounds like
you think for for such
>> you you that's not you know what the m
you know I'm sorry that what what the
what happened in Silicon Valley is not
the the the the winning formula that's
what I
>> that's
you know. Yeah.
>> Hello. We're still here. Uh brief look
across these markets as we go into the
think of the week here. Of course,
coming out at an exclusive conversation
with Bell there and the Ali
uh cloud business. By the way, speaking
of Alibaba and where Bell is on the
Shanghai World AI conference, news here
that Alibaba
outperforming today separately because
of this preview of previewing its first
AI powered uh glasses that are uh coming
through a well okay uh that's according
to a not a report actually. Yeah, it's
the company's actually come out and said
that SEMP carried the report but anyway
>> quark glasses they call it. Um so they
unveiled that at WIC where Bell is right
now and really talking about the
innovation there as well. That's why the
stock is up. So we're watching other
moves here. So uh the insurance space
has been pretty interesting. Morgan
Stanley with an out note out about AIA
thinking that you know the new business
growth is looking pretty strong. So
they're raising their price target for
that stock. We're seeing it up some 5%
here right now. You have another call, a
city call on Hong Kong Exchange, too.
Yeah, in their case they're maintaining
a buy, but they're also raising their
price target for HKX given, of course,
everything that's taking place here as
far as the fundraising environment is
concerned. HKX is also outperforming
today. It's coming up on your screens.
WooiTech is an earning story that's
coming out today. And the other big
story here in Hong Kong is CK Hutch uh
the filing and that potentially bringing
in uh a major player in the consortium
and maybe more clarity on
>> that. Yeah, Bloomberg News has reported
on Friday that it could be that
strategic player is China, Costco
shipping there, but uh the stock is now
coming off some of the initial sort of
highs that we saw on that news as well
last week. Samsung's a big one here. So
uh we did hear also about this big sort
of deal with produce semiconductors uh
for one company. Our sources say it's
Tesla that is that new client. $16.5
billion multi-year deal. Euro set to be
the big one here when DAX said to open a
fresh record.